"The API-Key inside this geoservices plugin is only provided for testing
and demo of CloudMade's services.

For all other use, including development and release of commercial and
non-commercial applications, you should register your own free API-Key at
http://developer.cloudmade.com and agree to the following Terms of
Service:"

CloudMade API Terms of Service

Last Updated: February 4, 2009

1. Introduction

Welcome to the CloudMade.com (hereafter referred to as “CloudMade”)
file download platform.

BY CLICKING “I AGREE” OR DOWNLOADING, IMPLEMENTING, OR OTHERWISE USING
THE CLOUDMADE APIS (AS DEFINED BELOW), YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE
READ, UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE CLOUDMADE TERMS OF
SERVICE (THE “TERMS”), INCLUDING ANY FUTURE MODIFICATIONS THERETO. FOR
CLOUDMADE’S POLICY ON MODIFICATION OF THESE TERMS, PLEASE SEE OUR
TERMS OF USE. IF, AT ANY TIME, YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, THEN
YOU ARE NO LONGER GRANTED A RIGHT TO USE THE CLOUDMADE APIS AS
PROVIDED HEREIN, AND MUST DISCONTINUE ALL USES OF THE CLOUDMADE APIS
IMMEDIATELY.  

2. Additional Terms

These Terms are incorporated into and are subject to the CloudMade
Terms of Use. Your use of the CloudMade APIs is subject at all times
to these Terms and the Terms of Use. For information regarding how
CloudMade may collect, uses and disclose your personal information,
please see the CloudMade Privacy Policy.  

3. Eligibility

You hereby represent and warrant that you have all authority necessary
to bind yourself to these Terms. IF YOU ARE USING THE CLOUDMADE APIS
ON BEHALF OF A COMPANY, ENTITY, OR ORGANIZATION (COLLECTIVELY, A
"SUBSCRIBING ORGANIZATION") THEN YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU:
(I) ARE AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THAT SUBSCRIBING ORGANIZATION
WITH THE AUTHORITY TO BIND SUCH ORGANIZATION TO THESE TERMS; (II) HAVE
READ THE FOREGOING TERMS; (III) UNDERSTAND THESE TERMS, AND (IV) AGREE
TO THESE TERMS ON BEHALF OF SUCH SUBSCRIBING ORGANIZATION.

4. Conditions of Use

    * a. Definitions

    The CloudMade application programming interfaces (the "CloudMade
    APIs") allow you to create certain compatibility between an
    application, service, or product created by you ("Your
    Application") and the CloudMade Web Tiles ("CloudMade Tiles"). The
    CloudMade Tiles are based on map data obtained from the
    OpenStreetMap.org database ("OSM Map Data").  

    * b. CreativeCommons License

    All OSM Map Data and the CloudMade Tiles are licensed for use
    under and subject to the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution
    2.0 License ("Cc-by-SA 2.0 License"). BEFORE USING THE CLOUDMADE
    TILES IN CONJUNCTION WITH YOUR APPLICATION, YOU SHOULD CAREFULLY
    READ AND UNDERSTAND THE CC-BY-SA 2.0 LICENSE.  

    * c. License Grant

    Subject to the terms and conditions of these Terms and during
    the term of these Terms, you are hereby granted a limited,
    nonexclusive, freely revocable license to use the CloudMade APIs
    for the purpose of creating compatibility between the CloudMade
    Tiles and Your Application. All rights not expressly granted to
    you herein are reserved by CloudMade.  

    * d. Attribution Requirements

    If Your Application uses the CloudMade APIs in any manner pursuant
    to the licenses granted above, then Your Application must:

          o i. Include appropriate attribution to the contributors of
          the OpenStreeMap project;

          o ii. Include appropriate attribution to CloudMade by
          including a copyright acknowledgment and a hyperlink to
          CloudMade.com;

          o iii. Insert a notice prominently into Your Application
          that allows end users to understand that Your Application is
          not endorsed by CloudMade as further described in Section 8
          (Attribution) below;

          o iv. Failure to comply with these attribution requirements
          will result in the immediate and automatic termination of
          the rights granted pursuant to this Section 4.

    * e. User Account

    If you desire to use or have access to the CloudMade APIs or
    CloudMade Tiles, you must first create a CloudMade account by
    registering at www.cloudmade.com and providing CloudMade with
    certain information about you and/or your organization, including
    without limitation your email address and, if applicable, the URL
    of the websites on which you wish to use the CloudMade APIs. If
    you wish to use the CloudMade APIs on or within a website, you may
    not do so without a valid key, provided by CloudMade as part of
    the registration process, that is specifically designated for such
    website. All information gathered as part of such registration
    process will be in accordance with the CloudMade Privacy Policy.

    * f. Sublicense to End Users

    If you grant end users of Your Application access to any CloudMade
    APIs as part of Your Application, such access is subject to and
    must comply with these Terms, and you agree to ensure that each
    end user agrees to these Terms with respect to the CloudMade APIs.

5. Representations and Warranties

You hereby represent and warrant that:

    * a. You will at all times comply with these Terms as well as the
      Cc-by-SA 2.0 License, CloudMade Terms of Use, CloudMade Privacy
      Policy, and all other terms governing your use of the CloudMade
      APIs;

    * b. Your Application and your use of the CloudMade APIs will not:

          o i. infringe, violate or misappropriate any third party's
          intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights or
          be misleading, deceptive or fraudulent

          o ii. violate any laws, treaties, regulations or other
          governmental order * c. Your Application shall not be designed or
          implemented in a way that, as determined by CloudMade in its sole
          discretion, might mislead a user into believing that:

          o i he or she is interacting directly with CloudMade when
          interacting with Your Applications,

          o ii any of Your Applications were created by or are
          endorsed by CloudMade.

6. Further Restrictions

By way of example and not by limitation, you agree that you WILL NOT:

    * a.infringe, violate or misappropriate any third party's
      intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights either
      through your own conduct or through the conduct of your end
      users

          o i. of which you are aware or reasonably should be aware;
          o ii. do not take reasonable steps to prevent;

    * b. engage in any activity that is malicious or harmful to any
      person or entity, including in an activity that may be libelous
      or defamatory, or discriminatory based on race, color, sex,
      religion, nationality, ethnic or national origin, marital
      status, disability, sexual orientation or age;

    * c. engage in spamming or other advertising or marketing
      activities that violate any applicable laws, regulations or
      generally-accepted advertising industry guidelines;

    * d. interfere or attempt to interfere in any manner with the
      functionality or proper working of the CloudMade APIs, or, in
      each case, any portion or feature thereof;

    * e. impose or purport to impose any obligation on any person, or
      grant or purport to grant any right, power or authority to
      yourself or any other person, that would be inconsistent with
      these Terms, and you agree that any such obligation, right,
      power or authority purportedly imposed or granted shall be null
      and void;

    * f. remove, obscure, or alter any notice of patent, copyright,
      trademark or other proprietary right appearing in the CloudMade
      APIs;

    * g. use the CloudMade APIs for the purpose of developing a
      product that will be owned by a third party that would compete
      with CloudMade’s products or services;

    * h. copy, distribute, reproduce, sell, resell, lease, rent, use
      or allow access to the CloudMade APIs except as explicitly
      permitted under these Terms;

    * i. modify, translate, adapt, or prepare derivative works from
      the CloudMade APIs except as explicitly permitted under these
      Terms or under applicable law;

    * j. reverse engineer or attempt to reverse engineer the CloudMade
      APIs except as explicitly permitted under these Terms or under
      applicable law;

    * k. attempt to conceal your identity or Your Application's
      identity when requesting authorization to use CloudMade APIs;

    * l. use CloudMade APIs in a manner that exceeds request volumes
      that are set by CloudMade in its sole discretion and published
      to CloudMade’s website at http://www.cloudmade.com;

    * m. use CloudMade APIs in connection with or to promote any
      products, services, or materials that constitute, promote or are
      used primarily for the purpose of dealing in: spyware, adware,
      or other malicious programs or code, counterfeit goods, hate
      materials (e.g. Nazi memorabilia), goods made from protected
      animal/plant species, recalled goods,
      hacking/surveillance/interception/descrambling equipment,
      cigarettes, illegal drugs and paraphernalia, pornography,
      prostitution, body parts and bodily fluids, stolen products and
      items used for theft, fireworks, explosives, and hazardous
      materials, government IDs, police items, unlicensed trade or
      dealing in stocks and securities, gambling items, professional
      services regulated by state licensing regimes, non-transferable
      items such as airline tickets or event tickets, non-packaged
      food items, weapons and accessories;

    * n. use CloudMade APIs to operate any mission critical
      application or facility where human life or property may be put
      at risk. You understand that the CloudMade APIs are not designed
      for such purposes and that their failure in such cases could
      lead to death, personal injury, or severe property or
      environmental damage for which CloudMade is not responsible.

7. Ownership

CloudMade and/or its licensors own all right, title and interest in
and to the CloudMade APIs. The CloudMade APIs are protected by
copyright laws, international treaty provisions, and other
intellectual property laws. All rights not expressly granted hereunder
are reserved by CloudMade. Except for the limited license expressly
granted herein, these Terms grant you no other right, title, or
interest in or to any intellectual property owned by CloudMade,
including (but not limited to) the CloudMade APIs and CloudMade
trademarks. As between you and CloudMade, you own Your Applications
(subject to CloudMade’s underlying rights in the CloudMade APIs).

8. Attribution

You shall place the following notice prominently on Your Application:
"This product uses the CloudMade APIs, but is not endorsed or
certified by CloudMade." Apart from providing attribution as expressly
described in Section 4(d) and this Section 8, you shall not use the
name “CloudMade” in any way, including, but not limited to, in the
hostname of Your Application (i.e. CloudMade.domain.com). You shall
not use the CloudMade logo or CloudMade marks without prior express
written permission from CloudMade, and then, only under the terms and
conditions under which CloudMade provided such prior express written
permission.

9. Termination

Your license to the CloudMade APIs under these Terms continues until
terminated by yourself or CloudMade. You may terminate the license
and/or these Terms by discontinuing your use of the CloudMade
APIs. CloudMade may terminate the license to the CloudMade APIs and/or
these Terms without liability at any time for any reason, with or
without notice. Additionally, your rights to use the CloudMade APIs
will terminate immediately if you violate any of these Terms. Upon
expiration or termination of the license granted herein and/or these
Terms, you will discontinue any and all use of the CloudMade APIs.

10. Support

CloudMade may elect to provide you with support or modifications for
the CloudMade APIs (collectively, "Support"), in its sole discretion,
and may terminate such Support at any time without notice to
you. CloudMade may change, suspend, or discontinue any aspect of the
CloudMade APIs at any time, including the availability of any
CloudMade APIs. CloudMade may also impose limits on certain features
and services or restrict your access to parts or all of the CloudMade
APIs without notice or liability.

11. Fees, Taxes

CloudMade reserves the right to charge a fee for using the CloudMade
APIs without notice in its sole discretion. You do not have an
obligation to continue using the CloudMade APIs should CloudMade
exercise its right to charge a fee. You are responsible for paying any
governmental taxes imposed on your use of the CloudMade APIs,
including, but not limited to, sales, use or value-added taxes. To the
extent CloudMade is obligated to collect such taxes, the applicable
tax will added to any fees CloudMade may charge.

12. Release and waiver

You hereby release, waive and covenant not to sue or pursue any claim
against CloudMade (and CloudMade's officers, directors, agents,
subsidiaries, joint ventures and employees) from all claims, demands
and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known
and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected to:

    * i. Your Application or any intellectual property you develop that 
         is based on, uses, or relates to the CloudMade APIs;
    * ii. which otherwise may arise in connection with your use of, 
         reliance on, or reference to the CloudMade APIs.

If you are a California resident, you waive California Civil Code
§1542, which says: "A general release does not extend to claims which
the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the
time of executing the release, which if known by him must have
materially affected his settlement with the debtor." You understand
that any fact relating to any matter covered by this release may be
found to be other than now believed to be true and you accept and
assume the risk of such possible differences in fact. In addition, you
expressly waive and relinquish any and all rights and benefits which
you may have under any other state or federal statute or common law
principle of similar effect, to the fullest extent permitted by law.

13. Indemnification

In addition to the indemnification provisions in the CloudMade Terms
of Use, you hereby agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless
CloudMade, its customers and users, all third-party advertisers,
technology providers and service providers, and each of their
respective employees, directors and representatives, from any
liability, loss or claim arising out of or relating to:

    * i. These Terms,
    * ii. Your use of or interaction with the CloudMade APIs,
    * iii. Your Application,
    * iv. Your violation of any law, treaty, regulation or other governmental order,
    * v. Your violation of the proprietary or other rights of third parties.

CloudMade reserves the right, at Your expense, to assume the exclusive
defense and control of any matter for which You are required to
indemnify CloudMade, and You agree to cooperate with CloudMade's
defense of these claims. CloudMade will use reasonable efforts to
notify You of any such claim, action, or proceeding upon becoming
aware of it.

14. Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability

The following terms are in addition to the disclaimer and limitation
of liability in the Terms of Use.

CloudMade does not warrant that the data or any other information
offered in or through the CloudMade APIs will be uninterrupted, or
free of errors, viruses or other harmful components and does not
warrant that any of the foregoing shall be corrected. CloudMade is not
responsible for the conduct of any user of the CloudMade APIs.

THE CLOUDMADE APIS ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS AND WITHOUT
WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW,
CLOUDMADE, AND ITS AFFILIATES, PARTNERS, AND SUPPLIERS DISCLAIM ALL
WARRANTIES, STATUTORY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF PROPRIETARY RIGHTS. NO ADVICE
OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM
CLOUDMADE WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED HEREIN.

UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL CLOUDMADE BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY
PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, RELIANCE OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST BUSINESS, REVENUE, OR ANTICIPATED PROFITS,
WHETHER BASED ON BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR
OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER OR NOT CLOUDMADE WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT WILL CLOUDMADE’S LIABILITY EXCEED THE
GREATER OF THE FEES PAYABLE BY YOU TO CLOUDMADE UNDER THESE TERMS
DURING THE TWELVE MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRECEDING THE DAY THE ACT OR
OMISSION OCCURRED THAT GAVE RISE TO THE CLAIM OR $100 USD.

CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES
OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF YOU RESIDE IS
SUCH A JURISDICTION, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS,
OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU AND YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL
RIGHTS. THE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS OF WARRANTIES, REMEDIES OR
LIABILITY CONTAINED IN THESE TERMS APPLY TO YOU TO THE FULLEST EXTENT
SUCH LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS ARE PERMITTED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE
JURISDICTION WHERE YOU ARE LOCATED

YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEGE THAT AS USED IN THIS SECTION 14, THE TERM
CLOUDMADE INCLUDES CLOUDMADE'S OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES,
SHAREHOLDERS, AGENTS, LICENSORS AND SUBCONTRACTORS.  

15. Notice

CloudMade may provide you with notices, including those regarding
changes to these Terms, by email, regular mail or postings on the
CloudMade website. Notice will be deemed given twenty-four hours after
email is sent, unless CloudMade is notified that the email address is
invalid. Alternatively, we may give you legal notice by mail to a
postal address, if provided by you. In such case, notice will be
deemed given three days after the date of mailing. Notice posted on
the CloudMade website is deemed given thirty days following the
initial posting.  

16. Waiver

The failure of CloudMade to exercise or enforce any right or provision
of these Terms will not constitute a waiver of such right or
provision. Any waiver of any provision of these Terms will be
effective only if in writing and signed by CloudMade.

17. Governing law, Jurisdiction

These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of the State of California, without giving effect to any
principles of conflicts of law. You agree that any action at law or in
equity arising out of or relating to these Terms or the CloudMade APIs
shall be filed only in the state or federal courts in and for Santa
Clara County, California, and you hereby consent and submit to the
personal and exclusive jurisdiction and venue of such courts for the
purposes of litigating any such action.  

18. Severability

If any provision of these Terms is held to be unlawful, void, or for
any reason unenforceable, then that provision will be limited or
eliminated from these Terms to the minimum extent necessary and will
not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining
provisions.

19. Assignment

These Terms may not be transferred or assigned by you, whether by way
of merger, sale, or otherwise, but may be assigned by CloudMade
without restriction. Any assignment attempted to be made in violation
of these Terms shall be null and void.

20. Survival

Upon termination of these Terms, any provision which, by its nature or
express terms should survive, will survive such termination or
expiration, including, but not limited to, Sections 2, 5, 6, 7, 9, and
12-24 .

21. Headings

The heading references herein are for convenience purposes only, do
not constitute a part of these Terms, and will not be deemed to limit
or affect any of the provisions hereof.

22. Entire Agreement, Construction

These Terms are the entire agreement between you and CloudMade
relating to the subject matter herein and will not be modified except
in writing, signed by both parties, or by a change to these Terms made
by CloudMade as set forth in the CloudMade Terms of Use. Any
construction or interpretation to be made of these Terms shall not be
construed against the drafter.  

23. No Agency

The Parties are independent contractors with respect to each
other. The Terms do not constitute and may not be construed as
constituting a partnership or joint venture among the Parties hereto,
or an employee-employer relationship.

24. Contact Information

If you would like to contact us regarding the CloudMade APIs or these
Terms, please email us at: info@cloudmade.com. Alternatively, you may
send us communications in writing at: CloudMade, 1370 Willow Road, 2nd
Floor, Menlo Park, CA 94025 USA.
